Normal Run (First time playing)



The player starts playing the game, and haves a normal time for 1 - 7 levels, solving riddles to find them out. If they click on the wrong spot 9 times, they go back to the previous level. If its too hard to do that, they can turn on multiple chances. Once they get to the 7th (can change) level, the “person” giving those riddles give a FAKE riddle. They start to turn evil, as well as changing up the stage and trying to make the player fail. 

Once the player gets to the 19th level, The narrator warns the player that there is a boss on the next level. On the 20th level, the boss’s name is Veinte [VE-in-t] (spanish for 20, clever, right?), and they attack rapidly and the player has 20 seconds maximum to solve their riddles. If the player fails one WITHOUT multiple chances mode, the player will start at the beginning of the boss. If the player fails WITH multiple chances, they go back one riddle. 

After your beat Veinte, dialogue about Veinte is talked about, and how Veinte could make 20 of everything, explaining their attack patterns. But the narrator comes to their senses again and starts making rules.



RULES:

You may not go up (Level 20)
You must listen to my riddles (Level 23)
You may not follow my riddles. (Level 25 (the secret is that the narrator said LISTEN on rule 2, not follow. You just have to make sure NOT to skip text.))
You must press (KEY) before the 5 second timer runs out. (Level 27)
You may not walk once the timer on the left runs out. (Level 29)




After Level 29, Its the next boss on level 30. It’s name is Sholshim [SH-ol-SH-em] (Hebrew for 30). Its attacks are based on this definition: 

Shloshim – Thirty days. The thirty-day period following burial (including shiva) is known as shloshim (Hebrew: שלושים, "thirty"). During shloshim, a mourner is forbidden to marry or to attend a seudat mitzvah (religious festive meal). Men do not shave or get haircuts during this time.
 
 
It sends razors as one attack, gravestones, Roses, and mirrors. More attack ideas could be added. 
After beating shloshim, the narrator traps the player in a box. They explain that shloshim wouldn't let them cut their hair, shave, or think about marriage, or else shloshim would attack them. The narrator then notices that they are getting too soft, and starts making you fight other characters while solving riddles.

At level 39, the narrator warns you of the next boss, Arobaini [ah-ROW-ba-
AIE-n-E] (40 in Swahili).

Since there is no info about Arobaini when you search it up, the attacks are based on Arrows (ARO_ws) and stage changing rapidly, from a square, to hexagon, to unknown shapes, including attacks from all around.

After this boss fight, the narrator says that all the characters were based on numbers in other languages, because they came on that day, when they were researching that language. But at this point, since the player destroyed all the other bosses, the narrator is done. They let out rage and says that they are done. They start doing the riddles with the bosses you beat:



In order:
Level 41 - 43, Veinte
Level 43 - 45, Shloshim
Level 45 - 47, Veinte + Shloshim
Level 47 - 48, Arobaini

On level 49, the narrator says that they are done. They skip the level, and now, you fight the final boss.




(INSERT. NAME. HERE!!!!!(i still don't know what name))

They combine all attacks, throw in dialogue, and try to make you fight words, riddles, and FIND the KEYS each time they attack to combine them, and DESTROY (insert name here)!!! After this, its the end. But they say that you playing and playing again, they will know.
They fade away. You beat the game.

Retry Run

The player plays the game again, but this time, the narrator says “Hah Hah hah, Your back. It was fun being dead, you know? Peace and quiet, thinking about only YOU. And now, i can have my revenge. It won’t be the same. So let's cut to the chase.”
You are sent to level 51, because it was never The end.

These riddles are RIDICULOUSLY HARD, and you just have to keep trying and trying to beat them. 

This will be continued after the Normal Run is finished.
